CON-380: Documentation feedback (#7)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-connector-rust: README.md

for the _RTI Connector_ API. It does so by exposing a safe and idiomatic Rust
interface over the underlying C API, in a crate called `rtiddsconnector`.

## Experimental Status

> RTI Connector for Rust is **currently experimental** and intended for evaluation, prototyping,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_RTI Connector for Rust_ is **currently experimental** and intended for evaluation, prototyping,
```

> feedback and _Not recommended_ for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and feedback. 
```

> This crate is ideal for exploring Rust + DDS integration and helping shape the future of Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this crate to explore Rust + DDS integration and help shape the future of Rust
```

> support in RTI products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support in RTI products.

**Do not use Connector for Rust in production**.
```

Author: Would bold be a better fit?

## Documentation

> Refer to complete Rust API documentation [api-reference]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Connector for Rust API][api-reference] for complete API documentation.
```

```console
cargo add \
    --git https://www.github.com/rticommunity/rticonnextdds-connector-rust
```

Once the crate is available, you can start using it in your Rust code. See the
quickstart file located at [`snippets/quickstart.rs`](snippets/quickstart.rs)
for a simple example of how to use the _RTI Connector_ API.

> ### Dependencies, Platform Support and Versioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dependencies, Platform Support, and Versioning
```
To avoid having a single level 3 heading. Missed it last review.

Connector for Rust depends on native RTI Connector C libraries and is compatible with the latest

> release of [rticonnextdds-connector][rti-github-connector]. The platform availability and Connext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release of [rticonnextdds-connector][rti-github-connector]. The platform availability and _Connext_
```

> Professional Release compatibility is linked to the Connector version and can be found in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Professional_ release compatibility is linked to the _Connector_ version and can be found in the
```

> release notes.

Reviewer: Core release notes? Should this be a link?

Author: The link is directly within the Connector release notes ([in Github Releases](https://github.com/rticommunity/rticonnextdds-connector/releases/tag/v1.4.0))

> At build time, the scripts in `build.rs` will download download the required libraries from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At build time, the scripts in `build.rs` will download the required libraries from the
```

[_RTI Connector_ releases in Github][rti-github-connector]. For more information, see the

> [Connector for Rust API reference].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Connector for Rust API reference][api-reference].
```

At runtime, ensure that your system's linker can find the required libraries. This usually involves
placing the native libraries next to the executable or using your system's dynamic library path
environment variable (`LD_LIBRARY_PATH` on Linux, `DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH` on macOS, or `PATH` on Windows).

[rti-github-connector]: https://github.com/rticommunity/rticonnextdds-connector/releases "RTI Connector Github repository"

## Examples

The crate includes a `shapes` example compatible with _[RTI Shapes Demo][shapes-demo]_.
This example can be run as a publisher or as a subscriber. You can read more

> about it [in its README](examples/shapes/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about it in the example's [README](examples/shapes/README.md).
```

[shapes-demo]: https://community.rti.com/static/documentation/connext-dds/current/doc/manuals/connext_dds_professional/tools/shapes_demo/shapes_demo/ShapesTitle.htm "RTI Shapes Demo"

> Additionally, the example contains read-only snippets in the `snippets` module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example contains read-only snippets in the `snippets` module
```

that demonstrate various features of the _Connector_ API, and are used in the
documentation.

## Feedback and Support

> * Technical Issues: For bugs, build problems, or API-related issues, please open an [issue in GitHub][gh-issues].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Technical Issues: For bugs, build problems, or API-related issues, open an [issue in GitHub][gh-issues].
```

>   Providing clear reproduction steps and environment details helps us respond more effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provide clear reproduction steps and environment details to help us respond more effectively.
```

* Product Feedback and General Questions: For non-technical questions, usability feedback, or input

>   on future direction, please email [product-feedback@rti.com]. Your feedback helps shape the evolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  on future direction, email [product-feedback@rti.com]. Your feedback helps shape the evolution
```
